we start with your chronicle either at
beginning of the adventurous he was subscribed the
top of the standings but the week
last and dell picked up then
will they take their revenge
This week the nuts and mergers
I'm waiting for you
Yes
little pouch
philon hole thank you gentlemen
little small little little boy come near
from me then laurent malika and bruce
it's up to you to play as usual
note
that's how this Russian plan insists
also for malika is a very good
fast for the rat anti how is going
I think it's one of the best
crust this second session
it's really they're constant the
last week it was a little bit
draft there you are well find
except that you offer figures that
are really remarkable me I see
there I put you 8
thank you laurent malika why this note
please tell me my dear friend
laurent goes off it's a group that is
which is constant so now
I would like to see them in some
thing maybe another universe
be careful there are a lot of
transition that you deliver to each
times the transition from the punch and
so be careful and it's about you
vary a bit to show again
other facets of your group
thank you allocated even so it Portois
brussels the conclusion yes bah I
find that even when we stop I
agree pretty much with my
colleagues
the only thing is that there is still
a real real effort of fact compared
thomass the thomas is the figure
that they have synchronized these two young
good men and I find that despite everything
it sounds easy but it's still
a lot worked for that I put
there are small sync problems of
time to time transition but I
stay indulgent on this crew there
because just physically it's
very difficult what they do so well done
guys
so here's for the comments of
our jury gentlemen it makes him a
average of 6.6
it's not bad at all it's not bad
go back behind the scenes
rest, we 'll see later
that's enough we should not have
of luck to finish
gold